 
Technical Documentation:

Structure of messages:

  Messages sent from the user interface to the middleware are in the form of
  single digits appended to the URL. These numbers are defined as constants
  on both sides. For example const int CELSIUS = 1.
  
  Messages sent from the middleware to the user interface consist of a JSON
  object with a single key msg whose value is the string to be displayed.
  The '$' symbol is used in place of newline.  
  For example:
  
    { msg : Temp 25.01$Average 24.43 }
    
  Messages sent from the middleware to the sensor/display consist of the first
  letter of the desired mode capitalized. For example 'F' for fahrenheit.
  The time is sent to the sensor as 0 or more dollar signs followed by the four
  digit time and terminated by '^'. For example $$2142^
  
  Messages sent from the sensor/display to the middleware consist of the
  temperature followed by a 'C' if in celsius or an 'F' if in fahrenheit. 
  The middleware converts any fahrenheit temperatures into celsius to be stored. 
  
Average Temperature:

  Keeping track of the average temperature is done on an hourly basis. During
  the hour running total and count of all the temperatures read is kept and used
  to calculate the average. When an hour has passed the current average is saved
  to a queue and the current total and count are reset. If the queue already
  contains 23 averages then the first one is removed.  When the average temperature
  is requested the current average is averaged with the averages in the queue
  and sent to the user interface.
  
Additional Features:

  Morse Code:
  In morse code mode clicking the select button sends a "dot" to the arduino
  causing the light to flash blue. If the select button is long pressed a 
  "dash" is sent causing the light to flash purple.
  
  Time Mode:
  In time mode the arduino displays the current time in 24 hour format on the 
  7 segment display. The time is calculated on the middleware and sent periodically
  to the arduino as long as it is in time mode.
  
  Graph Mode:
  Graph modes displays a simple text graph of the relative differences between
  the last 5 hourly averages. At the top is displayed the lowest, average, and highest
  values respectively.
  

